Ji Ming
little sister
This is really handsome
Ji Ming, who sat down on the first fire
I was fortunate enough to meet you once
The subordinates meet the female handsome
little sister
You are really handsome
Second brother, I will explain this to you when I go home.
Can you believe the person who saved me two years ago?
I am an ignorant woman like him
How could it be Muse?
Brother, don't be changed by him
They must like to act
How can a woman like you be wise?
Shen An
Now there is a promise
No no
You help me.
I can't kneel down for Mr. Zhao
I'm your woman.
What you say should be done
Just deceive
How can you let it go so easily
Shen An'an
This time, I will spare you together.
By the next time, your life will be in danger. Go
I won't let you go, you bitch
Go check it out
I feel like the woman who saved me two years ago
It's more like Lu Qinghuan is
And that's what happened.
Our sister is a handsome woman.
What a handsome woman
This handsome woman is actually by our side?
Little sister, you really give your brothers face
Look at your entertainment industry, who else dares to bully me?
I just lost a vest and was shocked like this
If they knew
I'm still the boss behind the creepy entertainment industry